>> Kevin Powell: So all of our HTML is
in place, we're ready to dive in and
start actually coding some stuff up or
coding some CSS and
getting everything to look more like
the actual page looks right now.
And as I've been saying as
we're going through this,
hopefully you've been
looking at the design files,
you sort of had an idea of how you
wanna approach all of these things.
And in the next group of lessons,
I'm gonna sort of break it down and
go through the different stages of things
a little bit from the bigger picture and
narrowing down.
And so if you wanna take some time
right now to look through it,
cuz one example here is in I did header
.p, but this would be our hero area, or
whatever is at the top of the page.
I could limit the width of what I'm doing
up there, just by doing something like
this but if we look at the Figma design,
as I mentioned earlier.
This area here with this narrow text,
is the same as this narrow area over here,
then we have this area that's a certain
width which matches things on other pages
talked about containers and wrappers.
But even if you are setting things up and
just maybe when you wrote your HTML,
you put a container or
a wrapper in each one of the sections.
But how are you gonna make this
one narrower than this section,
and this one down here wider
than this section over here?
We know we need columns, but
how are we gonna create those columns and
before I talk about how I like to do it,
I'd like you to think a little bit about
how you might start up
approaching these things too.
Just looking at the layout, you don't have
to write any code necessarily right away,
but just having an idea of the different
things that you think would make
it easier, reusable things that you could
do in this one area that then you could
reuse here and reuse somewhere else.
And then if you have some ideas for
code that you'd wanna do for
that, you can dive in and start trying
to style some of that up as well.
All right, so we're ready to continue
making some progress on this and
start getting some CSS together to
make the layout start happening, but
very quickly before we do that, and
we have our plan of attack and all that.
So before we dive into that,
I think this would be a good time we
haven't talked about it in a little while,
but I did mention we're gonna
do some source control things.
So we're not gonna do a big one right now,
but since we're gonna start writing some
CSS, if you open up the source
control panel in VS code,
if you initialized your repo before,
you should see the changes.
In this case, I've changed, made changes
to my index and my style sheet, obviously,
and because I brought my assets in after
all of those assets are showing up here
as well.
Down here below,
there's also the source control thing,
we'll talk more about that after,
but for now, we'll hide that away.
Basically, all we wanna do is put
in a message about what we've done.
We haven't done a lot right now, but
we could have say finished the HTML,
something like that to give us
a bit of a point on where we are.
Could be a good thing if we muck things
up and we wanna go back where we sort of
are saving our place in
the sand here a little bit, or
creating like a little mark in
history about where we're at.
So I'm just gonna hit commit I haven't
staged anything, let's hit cancel.
You can hit the plus sign next to every
one of these to commit them individually,
this is if you're doing it like this.
If you already know how to
use Git with command line,
of course you can be doing that as well.
There's also the big stage all changes
that's right here or if you do commit
without making any of them, and you get
this message, you can just hit yes, and
it's going to commit all of those
changes and then save them in that step.
But we'll do it this way,
where I'll just hit the big plus there, so
it's staged those changes now you can
see it's switched it from stage changes.
And then I can hit commit right there
they're now committed locally on
my computer, and
then if I hit sync changes,
it's gonna bring all of those
changes up to GitHub as well.
And you can see because it's
the first time I'm doing that,
I do get this message,
this action will pull and push commits.
So you can hit OK, or in this case, I'm
gonna push OK, don't show again, just Just
cuz I know what this is doing and I don't
want it to pop up every time I do this.
So we do that, and
just like that, all of those changes
we've made are now on GitHub.
This could be good, again, we're
creating that little point in history.
If you're working on multiple machines,
you go on another machine,
you can get your project from there or
if you're working the team,
people have access to the work
that you're doing there as well.